Patch 416 (#438)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/aws/cloudtrail/cloudtrail-bucket-access-logging.md

> | **Recommended Action** | Enable access logging on the CloudTrail bucket from the S3 console |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Recommended Action** | Enable access logging on the CloudTrail bucket from the S3 console. |
```

## Detailed Remediation Steps
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console.
2. Select the "Services" option and search for "CloudTrail".</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudtrail/cloudtrail-bucket-access-logging/step2.png"/>
3. In the "Dashboard" panel click on the desired trail from the list under "Trails" to get to its configuration page.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/cloudtrail/cloudtrail-bucket-access-logging/step3.png"/>
4. Click on "Edit" under "General details".</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudtrail/cloudtrail-bucket-access-logging/step4.png"/>

> 5. Scroll down and under the "Storage location" option check the S3 bucket used to store log data.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudtrail/cloudtrail-bucket-access-logging/step5.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Scroll down and under the "Storage location" option check the S3 bucket name which stores the log data.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudtrail/cloudtrail-bucket-access-logging/step5.png"/>
```

6. Go to "Services" and search for "S3" to go into S3 buckets dashboard.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudtrail/cloudtrail-bucket-access-logging/step6.png"/>

> 7. Select the "S3 bucket" used to store data log in CloudTrail and click on the bucket name to get to its configuration page.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudtrail/cloudtrail-bucket-access-logging/step7.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Select the "S3 bucket" which is used to store data log in CloudTrail and click on the bucket name to get to its configuration page.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudtrail/cloudtrail-bucket-access-logging/step7.png"/>
```
